 






Color Factory Photo Courtesy of Ruth Ann Vasquez
The self-described “celebration of color and creativity” was launched by event planner and
blogger Jordan Ferney in August 2017 to sold-out crowds. The Color Factory is a one directional exhibit filled with 
countless Instagram worthy photo-ops and jazzy participatory features. Visitors receive a QR Code to take pictures hands-free. 
The brightly colored rooms have cameras installed at all angles to capture the spinning, jumping, and best poses! 
The high definition pictures are emailed to the viewer immediately after the tour and are ready to bless Instagram feeds.

Due to the exhibit’s dynamic color story it has turned into a must-see event. “It was a lot of fun! I would recommend it
 to Pace students and anyone,” University student, Christina Ruck said. “They had a room where you were paired up with 
a stranger and had to do your best to draw them with colors. It was extremely fun.”



Here, you can register a QR code so that your photos from each of the 16 photo stations
 throughout the exhibition can be sent directly to your email.



Garden
the Color Factory rolled out a new installation called the “Manhattan Color Walk” 
at the Cooper Hewitt museum on the Upper East Side. Designers for the installation 
traversed more than 50 miles draw inspiration from 265 streets around the Manhattan.

 


NYC Visitors Can Learn About Color In Interactive Exhibit Inspired By The City

After a brief orientation, guests register QR code cards to their email addresses. Installation goers can scan the cards at various camera stations 
peppered across the exhibits to take photos and video, which are instantly sent to the registered email address.

As guests peruse the exhibits, an array of sweet treats are available including a 
rainbow macaroon conveyor belt crafted by Mille Feuille Bakery, a complimentary color 
candy counter of sweet and sour gummies and gelato from the Lower East Side's Il Laboratorio Del Gelato.





rainbow stripes
Guests flow through the exhibit, starting with Tokyo-based architect Emmanuelle Moureaux‘s ‘100 Colors.’
It features rows of dangling paper strips, 
inspired by traditional Japanese sliding screens.
Head into “Orientation” where My/Mo Mochi Ice Cream and an entertaining instructional film await you.


buttons walls
Welcome to the “Wall of Buttons.” Grab whichever hue calls your name and pin it to your shirt. (It’ll be of use later!)



색 심리 테스드방 
Christine Wong Yap’s “Complementary Compliments” allows you to sit in a booth across from your friend or a stranger and exercise creativity, 
share a compliment, and build a human connection with color.
 The color of compliments will lead you to a specific pairing of Swedish candy in the next room!



Infographic interactive installation; concept and design for Color Factory NYC.
I love infographics and had always wanted to translate a flow chart / personality test into a physical space, 
where one could follow the text along the floors and walls. In this installation, visitors answered a series of 
questions that eventually directed them to one of five different colored rooms. I love Molly Young's writing 
and we commissioned her to develop the text for this interactive room. Her questions led people to a private 
monochromatic space in which they would discover a "secret color" and a little bit more about themselves.


Music and colors
A collaboration between artist Lawkena and musician Abimaro brings “Sing Me High Sing Me Low Bring Me Back Let Me Go.” 
Pick one of the colorful chimes,
and use the mallet to hear the call and response nature of the first and fifth note in a scale

A collaborative installation between artist Lakwena and musician Abimaro explores 
"the magnetic relationship between the first and fifth note in a scale" 
where museum goers can pick up a mallet and play the chimes.



blue ball room 

There’s an echo chamber of xylophones tuned to play “the perfect cadence,” a flowchart laid out on the floor and walls to discover your 
path to your personal color (Sunrise or sunset? Glass half empty or half full?), a blue-hued “pool” room of 500,000 plastic balls with blue-themed puns 
and references painted around the room (a silhouette of Elvis for Blue Suede Shoes, a string of characters and punctuation for blue language). 
Color Factory rewards exploration, 
and not everything is meant to be photographed — some things you just need to enjoy in the moment and share a laugh of discovery.





color wheels
 The thoughtfulness behind each room manifests best in Andrew Kuo’s spinning pie charts, 
where he’s turned his observations about city life into a series of infographic merry-go-rounds. 
We cheerily pile onto these spinning discs and pose for the cameras above, becoming dizzy in the process.
Andrew Kuo’s interest in statistics, data, and observation inspired “New York State of Mind,” a series of infographic merry-go-rounds. 
Each pie chart tackles a different topic, and you can hop on for a whirl and photo.


colored window
Next, walk through the Museum’s eclectic collection of rocks, fake puke, and more to arrive at “From Absinth to Zephyr: 
An Alternative Alphabet to Unusual Colors” by writer Kassia St. Clair. Remember that pin you grabbed at the beginning? You can find the same color in 
this room and pull it out to discover the cultural movements and physical objects that birthed the specific enigmatic hue.


Dance stage
Your secret color will then prompt you with a dance move for the light-up dance floor. 
If you need a refreshment from all that dancing, grab a cup of raspberry soda.



Ballons room
Afterward, enter an ombre room resembling the sunset over the Hudson River or the sunrise against a skyscraper. 
Take some time to play with and read each balloon; they’re wishes for the world from the students at 826NYC.


Before you leave, visit the Colorshop curated by Brooklyn-based prop stylist 
Randi Brookman Harris and grab a free neighborhood map, which has 23 hidden Color Factory surprises throughout Manhattan.




New York writer Won McIntosh was commissioned to write poems for each color of 
Color Factory’s palette, enhancing the stories of the colors with written words.
oems for the City: Won McIntosh, a Queens-based writer, was invited to translate the color palette into special poems that portrays our daily New York lives, into words.

The colors have been given words to describe them like: Subway Tile, Asphalt, Scaffolding, Pretzels, Brownstone, Bodega Mums, F Train and others.

Pick a Color, Any Flavor: Get ready to taste some yummy colorful French treats by Mille Feuille. But, beware! You might have to run after them!

Button, Buttons and More Buttons: I love buttons and I collect them myself. This colorful tunnel, with 
thousands of hanging buttons has a present for you… (picture)

Complementary Compliments: Christine Wong Yap, another Queen-based artist, brings you back to the 
present moment and the beauty of human connection and observation. 
Now, pay attention, use your creativity and follow the voice in your head.

Perfect Pairing: Unusual shapes, flavors and colors….get ready to stimulate your taste buds with Sockerbit. Yummmm!

Sing Me High, Sing Me Low, Bring Me Back, Let Me Go: This amazing collaborative installation by the musician Abimaro and the artist Lakwena, 
will let you show the world your musical talents. Let the vibration take over you!
Balloon Wishes: I’m always happy around balloons, especially when huge versions of them are flying all over you during New York’s sunrise and sunset! What???

This room brings together the support of Gymboree and the valuable work behind 826NYC, a non-profit that empowers students from 6-18 years old with skills to write their own paths forward.

Secret Colors: A huge live-action flowchart will take you on a voyage of self-discovery, giving you a scientific result of your secret color.

Will you make this color part of your life? Will it be another well-kept secret of yours? The space was created by Molly Young.

This floor was make for dancin’ and that’s just what you’ll do: It’s time to shake, shake, shake! In a city that never sleeps, dancing is surely part of the long, never ending nights.

This color-kissed ode to NYC nightlife by Maybelline, has moving colors and lights all over it, giving you the opportunity of showing your dance moves!

Oh! And after dancing, there is nothing better than having a refreshment created by the famous Stanley’s Pharmacy, right?




Mmuseumm: As they say: “Now is always weird. Now must have been weird for the Neanderthals. Now was certainly weird during the Middle Ages. And now is definitely weird now.” 
Yup! So, expect to see some pretty weird and unusual things you never imagined at the Mmuseumm’s installation!

From Absinthe to Zephyr – An Alternative Alphabet of Unusual Colors: Kassia St. Clair, a London-based writer, will show you the modern notion of colors. 
Wait! You’ll have to use a special element, that everyone will have in common, to find out which one suits you!

Ring-a-round the rosie, A pocket full of posies, Ashes! Ashes! 
We all fall down: See the mixture of rotating color pallets, that might get you quite woozy, that will portray 3 NYC scenarios – For The Best New York Like (the one I was automatically drawn to before even reading about it), Thoughts On A Subway on 7/30/2018 and last, To Consider When Eating in New York City.

Into The Blue: An eternal sea of blue! I mean, this one, for me, was one of my favorite rooms. This room is no surprise, since it’s been all over Social Media. This gigantic ball-pit, of baby blue color plastic balls, brought me back to my childhood days! When I looked at it for the 1st time, my eyes blew open and were immediately hypnotized by its magnitude. I couldn’t wait to, literally, jump in! You’ll see creative graphics by the multi-talented Tamara Shopsin throughout the space. 
But, take a closer look, things might have double meanings… And still, some another yummy treat and a special gift awaits you!







If you are into cultural activities across the city you’d probably love to have a guided tour to the best galleries in New York City. For corporate groups, let out experts help you out!
Tickets:
General admission: $38
Kids 3-12: $28
Children age 2 and under are free.
Tickets must be purchased online, as there are no tickets available at the door. Tickets are non-refundable and non-transferable.

Hours:
Monday, Tuesday & Thursday: 9:30am-6pm
Wednesday: Closed
Friday & Saturday: 9:30am-8pm
Sunday: 9:30am-7pm

Location: 251 Spring Street

www.colorfactory.co


WEBSITE:
https://m.blog.naver.com/aimeji/221630440826

video
<iframe title="vimeo-player" src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/274924957?h=fc97dec749" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/274924957?h=fc97dec749" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<p><a href="https://vimeo.com/274924957">Manhattan Color Walk</a> from <a href="https://vimeo.com/colorfactoryco">Color Factory</a> on <a href="https://vimeo.com">Vimeo</a>.</p>


https://vimeo.com/274924957